ROX-16283: Reorganize Cloud install docs (#59525)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sensor-roxctl.adoc

The following steps describe adding Sensor by using the RHACS portal.

.Prerequisites

> * You must have already installed Central services, or you can access Central services on {rh-rhacscs-first} (product-title-managed-short).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You must have already installed Central services, or you can access Central services on {rh-rhacscs-first}.
```

.Procedure

> . On the RHACS portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration* -> *Clusters*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the {product-title-short} portal, navigate to *Platform Configuration* -> *Clusters*.
```
